Fix some more names in the doc (#4)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: commands/slaveof.md

> **A note about the word slave used in this man page and command name**: If not for backward compatibility, the Valkey project no longer uses the word slave. Please use the new command `REPLICAOF`. The command `SLAVEOF` will continue to work for backward compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A note about the word slave used in this man page and command name**: If not for Redis compatibility, the Valkey project does not use the word slave. Please use the new command `REPLICAOF`. The command `SLAVEOF` will continue to work for backward compatibility.
```

> **A note about the word slave used in this man page and command name**: starting with Valkey version 5, if not for backward compatibility, the Valkey project no longer uses the word slave. Please use the new command `REPLICAOF`. The command `SLAVEOF` will continue to work for backward compatibility.

Reviewer 2: fixme
